Feature: Force update for verification checks (#29)
admin-ch/CovidCertificate-SDK-iOS: README.md

4) Check for rules specific to countries such as validity of vaccines or tests

> All these checks check against verification properties that are loaded from a server. These returned properties use a property to specify how long they are valid (like `max-age` in general networking). With the parameter `forceUpdate`, these properties can be forced to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these checks verify the validity based on properties loaded from a server. One of the returned properties is used to specify how long they are valid (like `max-age` in general networking). With the parameter `forceUpdate`, these properties can be forced to update.
```
